Generic Programming is an example of
polymorphism that generalizes the parameters of classes and functions.
By using a C++ facility called a template,
you can build classes and functions that work with many different types of data.
Think about the vector class from the Standard Library.
This is an example of generic programming.
We can create a vector of ints,
a vector of strings,
a vector of some user-defined class that we create.
We can have a vector of almost anything actually.
You're going to learn more about templates and how to use them in
generic programming to make your code more generalizable.
That way, you can reuse the same code in many different situations.